Brett ihop right now Christian bored
squad in full force so iPhone iOS 10
okay to just came out and I have Sam
here and how do you feel about it it is
probably the most stable beta build that
I have ever used I've used all the iOS
betas except for iOS one cuz a lot of
people weren't impressed with this like
well with the whole w everyone Oh every
year everyone always wants apple to
redefine and recreate everything and
then everyone installed iOS the new one
and they're like oh wow this is actually
pretty great right I think there's like
a real separation between seeing
something presented on stage and then
using it like you know so I'm using it
for at 23 weeks and I think it's good
boom Hubert's an you sort out
the verge right before that engadget or
let and gadgets you experts an expert
and if y'all are into skating and
all-around vlogs gotta check out time
and tech to attack antec oh yeah i keep
on with forbidding nice absolutely
throughout hi hi I don't have boosted
were to venture and step
we up here at the top of the hilton
parking garage it's a pretty piece of
you a lot of palm trees I love it out
here zooming around
such a fun boosted sesh with Ty and Sam
now I'm in this semi messy hotel room
all right we're going to try to set it
up for an interview that we're actually
doing a tie for this documentary so I'm
stoked we might go location scouting are
we gonna go location scouting Aaron uh
yes she give it a shot we'll give it a
shot because it looks like a bomb kind
of an awesome this room a fun as right
mid-con fun and have like we're about to
interview tie and he's already found
some wheels to ride on this is the
location we decide on it's like outdoors
it's nice so I'm gonna do the interview
I'm actually on my way with an interview
with like video influencers
hey what's up guys sean here we can use
people put
like really
if we're in the middle is on the
apocalypse and you can only have one
item or am I can i call just finish an
awesome interview with Sean quarter so
fun you dance I did a dance I'm nervous
control okay got some Drake vibes up in
here but it was so much fun thank you
for inviting me thank you so much yeah
it'll be out soon on video influencers
and can't wait we shared some amazing
tips guys there is a mob happening over
here
I don't know who's over there but I got
to get out of here so
who can be
don't know what's going on
avoid it like the freaking play
like so it's a music person y'all know
it musically it is so is so crazy with a
young kid those days the demographic of
like eight years old is he up to 16
years old it's all about musically I
mean using with a star me getting
monitor their ins neighing headed back
to my hotel going to the Samsung
interview after that going to film some
stuff after that it is Saturday and so
there's only really like one more half
day of VidCon less we got a lot of
filming squeeze in later today but I'm
stoked it's so fun seeing just awesome
creator turn around but then also like
when people come up to me and ask for
selfie that's like the coolest thing
ever I love all of you people I love the
internet so I here for the Samsung
interview it's so pretty beautiful day
in California and not used two days that
are just perfect every single day to say
hey hey crew hey crew we're up against
the grand Wow
Wow
cool here it's amazing
passion you guys just wrapped up filming
we got like
already taken a break
people here hey I want you to
come on you two
somewhere why does everyone look so sad
it's intentional
yeah it's part of the video Jack what
husband your favorite part of VidCon
okay my favorite part of VidCon is
meeting people like you I'll thank you
for the first time
and just like hanging out with people in
real life that you kind of know and talk
to you all the time
so that's been really fun really getting
to spend a lot of time with these cool
people that I admire so much like
activity wise man twice I did this like
bouncy castle obstacle course thing last
night that was pretty my favorite so
many great people here what did you get
instagram lounge killed it this is mrs.
him best this is the best iced caramel
latte I have ever had in my life and
Aaron had like a double shot of
something Aaron is moving so he's just
getting all kinds of turns I was going
to get another one but you will not need
another one after that it's not just
about this life good job Instagram on
our way out to get some footage i think
i've introduced you into the blog yeah
is the name I'm Sam Sam she is one of
our producers on this documentary she's
been hustling around running around
getting work done before we get filming
we're gonna go pop some more of these
hats that are on top of it like it's a
Twitter hat but i love it i love us and
one I won't lie like every single memory
so I want to get a fake one yeah because
you don't have any I men so she has none
I have three right now so I think I'm
behind ya we need to step it up we're
going to try to go get some more nuts
guys the lengths that we are going to
find these twitter hats we recruited a
friend boom I'll X with you
so no more no more Twitter and watch
your order has well there's me shots oh
yeah there are no more Twitter hot I got
three new shads if that's anything
tamesha that was a very adventurous like
that was that was a journey that was
actually a journey we hit
bo burkina we overcame and got me shots
whatever the heck knishes fun fun last
day of VidCon I meant so many of you
guys I had a blast doing all the things
that I did it was very busy very chaotic
sometimes but awesome I'm slightly
exhausted but now i'm headed to the
maker studios party excited about that
i'm not really a party person but guess
it'll be fun and then tomorrow we are
headed out we are leaving anaheim back
to LA I'm flying back to Nashville to
pack up a u-haul and move to New York
City so that's guys that's going to be
exciting got some exciting vlogs coming
up from that it's going to be crazy and
then also if you want to watch my 360
video I went skydiving if you want to
see me skydive and 360 i'll link it up
in the description i just posted it
yesterday and yeah i hope you enjoy it
so thank you so much for joining these
VidCon adventures I hope you have a
great day and stay peachy ok bye